hello today's video is super food
easy is a collaborative with bars to
low anamaría diana tips is friend el
art in the information box I'm going to
leave the links of your channels so that
go subscribe and support them
a little bit of salt
my puree is ready and I want
show them how to try the puree
with a super soft knife the knife
has to enter the potato
they have to be super super
soft and it is better to split it
half or in several pieces to make it
faster cooking we will take out the
water and we continue with the next step
let's put a pan on low heat
but you're going to stop the pan getting hot
very well and we put a teaspoon of
oil
you can use olive oil or canola
you allow the oil to warm up and in
that oil we are going to make like a shock
thermal of these ingredients and chin
onion and throw it
let's move a little
you can raise the heat from the side a little
from the stove
we let my prison go up is to say that
the onion crystallizes
without taking color
and without burning the paprika and the
onion the next step is to take a
bowl or bowl where you can mix
let's mix here I have tuna already
Drained tuna in water and it stings
parsley
smooth parsley
to this we will put the leg
and now what we're going to do is oppress
so that the potato is mashed
if you have a mashed pizza it is much better and
if not with a spoon as you see that
I am doing
it's fine as the potato left you super
soft
very well cooked then it will not be
difficult to press
and make it become a salt puree
and now I'm going to add what I had in the
skillet
and this to compact we are going to
put an egg
or according to the amount that you make of
filling let's put more eggs
we mix
you are going to wash your hands very well and in
you are going to put a little bit of oil
of cooking for this gas as well and with your
own hands you are going to take
and the filling
since we just did for the
tortillas
you will give it the form of an arepa or
give it the shape you want and so what
let's take to a pan with a
little bit of super hot oil no
you need a lot of oil so that these
Dore is and if you have a very good pan
of teflon then less is not going to
hit or nothing
oil
I have it at medium low heat
so to my proposal of the
tortillitas as you can see they were
I'm going to
accompany this bread but you the
you can accompany with a delicious
salad or you can make a sandwich and
soon make the shape of the tortilla
much longer to make it to the
measure of bread is something super healthy
you ate vegetable protein that is in
the egg and you're going to be super satisfied
or satisfied an ideal recipe for
singles for students in exchange
great I hope you enjoy it cheer up
to do it and to go through the channels of
the girls that I'm doing the
collaborative that I leave in the box
information a hug for all that
God bless you